Pardon me?
His Highness took Xiao Chan to the brothel
That's right, the whole building is full of flowers and thanks
All the girls only received him
This is the girl group dance I created just for you
Hmph, the main thing is
How many times have I told you to keep your hands straight?
Hey Lixue
Why are you here?
Lantern Festival
What are you doing?
Girl group dance princess princess
His Highness is teaching everyone to dance girl group dance
So much fun.
It's just that His Highness dislikes my incoordination
Won't take me to play
What about three days later?
The feel of the empress
At that time, I will let the eldest prince know
What does it mean to be reduced to a blow?